What is the matter with you
Why do you believe everything Song Man says?
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you scold me Xiaoli
After all, he is Mr. Shen's assistant
Don't overdo it.
Miss Songman told me what she was afraid of
Mr. Shen treats him
Just on a whim
Miss Song Man is Huanyu Group
Real boss lady
Let's stand in line
Stop and make a copy of this contract
Ah!
Why are you always a little too much?
No human blood
First day at work
Don't make trouble
The contract is lost
How else do you copy?
That's your business.
I asked you what to do if your throat is wet
You talked back to me
I'll tell you what.
Don't think you're in the position of assistant president
You can seduce the president to the top
People like you who rely on your upper body
Me too.
How dare you hit me?
Mr. Shen, he just wet the contract you want to use
I'm teaching him a lesson Qixi Festival
From now on
You don't have to sit here
Why?